NMS-11052: PassiveStatus and LoopDetector docs (#4672)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/detectors/LoopDetector.adoc

= Loop Detector

The Loop Detector gives {page-component-title} users the ability to force a service onto an interface during service detection.

> This can be used to ensure a specific service is added to all nodes, without performing a check against the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Loop Detector to ensure a specific service is added to all nodes without performing a check against the node.
```

The primary use case for this type of detector is when using xref:reference:service-assurance/monitors/PassiveStatusMonitor.adoc[passive service monitoring].

First, add a detector for the new service to the desired foreign-source definition.
Use the LOOP class:

Add parameters:

> * ipMatch : 169.254.*.*

Reviewer: There's an extra period appearing as bold in the docs. But it doesn't make sense to user literals here, as it would wreck the example. Just an observation.

Author: ```suggestion
* ipMatch : `169.254.*.*`
```

= Loop Detector

> The Loop Detector was created to give {page-component-title} users the ability to force a service on to an interface during service detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Loop Detector gives {page-component-title} users the ability to force a service onto an interface during service detection.
```

Using this method, a passive node, interface, and service can be added with one event, the New Suspect event (uei.opennms.org/internal/newSuspect).

> This is the process to add a passive service using this method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a passive service using this method:
```

> First, add a detector for the new service to the default foreign-source definition. Use the LOOP class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add a detector for the new service to the default foreign-source definition. 
Use the loop class:
```

Add parameters:

; ipMatch : 169.254.*.*
; supported : true

> Here's the representation of the above in `default-foreign-source.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how the above looks in `default-foreign-source.xml`:
```

[source, xml]
----
        <detector name="PCR" class="org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.loop.LoopDetector">
            <parameter key="ipMatch" value="169.254.*.*"/>
            <parameter key="supported" value="true"/>
        </detector>
----

This configuration will cause the PCR service to be detected (without any actual network-based scanning happening) on any interface with an IP address starting with "169.254".

== Detector facts

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Implementation | `org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.loop.LoopDetector`
|===

== Configuration and use

.Parameters for the LoopDetector
[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,4,1"]
|===
| Parameter
| Description
| Default

3+| *Required*

| ipMatch
| IP address wildcard.
If the node has an IP address that matches, the service will be flagged for the node.
| none

3+| *Optional*

| isSupported

> | ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ?
```
Do we have a definition for this?
